hey Guillermo have you ever like been to
a bar mitzva no never you never been or
do you know what a bar mitzva is I think
it's one a boy become a man
it is the Jewish tradition and like when
a boy like hit seventh grade he becomes
a man and they have a whole party for
him well a lot of kids when they have
these bar mitts for about minutes for
girls have some kind of a theme like
Harry Potter or a football team some
kids will have an 80s theme but there's
a young man and lives in media
Pennsylvania his name is will Rubin his
theme for his Bar Mitzvah was this hey
Jimmy what's up its will completely not
be confused with Will Smith West
Philadelphia born and raised I want you
to be at my bar mitzva June 24th because
I'm basing it all around you we even
have your set I want your job one day
okay so that is not well Smith first of
all I don't know if that was an
invitation or a threat but he wasn't
kidding he it really was a me themed Bar
Mitzvah from media it's will Rubick live
tonight Amy Reuben
[Applause]
Nataly Rubik with all around
entertainment and now from media
Pennsylvania it's will all the Reubens I
can understand how did he get all the
round entertainment we've been trying to
book them for years but anyway I wanted
to surprise well there's no way in hell
I was going to media Pennsylvania so I
made a video send it to his parents and
they played it for him at his party oh
it's Jimmy Kimmel congratulations on
your Bar Mitzvah today you become a man
a man with no body hair you'd be
climbing today after my show I was so
mmm I called my attorney to see what
kind of damages I think the optics of
suing a 13 year old on his big day might
not look right so I agreed to settle for
half of the money your grandparents give
you tonight so that seems like a fair
enough deal we be sent over we sent a
gift we sent a giant ice sculpture of
what I think it's
sweats dislike you
now the bar mr. boy himself will Rubin
hi will where's will there he is their
graduations are becoming a man do you
feel like a man cuz you don't look like
a man but you well I may not look like a
man but I certainly do feel like you do
oh it's good that's all that matters
what was the theme for your Bar Mitzvah
gonna be if it wasn't me
well I mean through the years I've had a
ton of interest it kind of went on like
a six month cycle I'd have like a new
interest every six months am i over now
or is it still no you're still going
what was your previous interest before
me I don't know probably like cleaning
or something I can't remember so well I
guess I'm honored I mean it is you see
you brother do you still have that
Guillermo ice sculpture because it was a
loaner I needed for a quinceanera
well well is that you well yeah I'm John
third I'm a talk show host as well I was
a few years ago and I'm a Jew you know
you know you probably had your choice of
really you know vitalizing any any talk
show host and you you could have gone
with a Jew is what I say well before we
gonna grow don't be fooled may I speak
with him go ahead yeah check it the
Bacchus yah no we didn't get that joke
give me camera
well don't be fooled by his learning
looking beard and his puffy sad eyes
he's not rabbinical he's just unhealthy
you rather idolize a talk-show host that
is also circumcised wouldn't you rather
he's not well I'll say I don't know how
I put this how did the kids say he's
still wearing his hoodie
I'm sorry so maybe maybe you could have
a Jon Stewart themed wedding well I'll
think about it
[Laughter]
I'm sorry John I
I'll tell your luck so pushy these
people right am i right
well how do we come out on the money
front you owe me half of whatever your
grandparents gave you how much well you
know I've been thinking and I thought
Mickey in said I could give it to
something that's really more important
so I thought well I'm giving it to the
the Children's Hospital of LA
that's very generous you're a real
Mensch as we say right is that it right
well thank you well congratulations
Mazel Tov to you and do you love
clicking buttons and subscribing to
things then click the button to
subscribe to my channel and you'll
finally be happy